Update product marketing page (#31)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/marketing/product-marketing/index.md

To learn more about the team, check out our individual [READMEs](product-marketing-bios.md)

## Product launch templates and resources

- [Product marketing brief](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i-n7WKQrAMVAdCaGAX0shW1DbJ70cnnGkkb6yReOOPA/edit#): Messaging and positioning doc for new products/features.

> - [Naming process](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/marketing/brand/naming_process_for_products_features_and_programs): Best practices/process for naming new products/features.

Reviewer: Prefer using relative links to other pages in the handbook :)
```suggestion
- [Naming process](../brand/naming_process_for_products_features_and_programs.md): Best practices/process for naming new products/features.
```
